000~There has clearly been some heat damage done to this room. The walls are ashen and there seems to be very little the smoke has not touched. On your left you see what may have once been a bowl of fruit which is all but destroyed, though underneath you can see a scrumptious looking Banana. On the southern wall you see what looks like a circuit breaker, alas, on inspection, you see all the wiring is destroyed. There is nothing more to see in this room, you think it best to move on but the northern doorway is blocked by a fire.
100~One of the older areas of The Barn, or so it seems. The decor is mainly wood. Rough, old wood. There does not appear to be any modern fittings of any kind. The room is long and narrow and featureless with the exception of an old fashioned Oil Lamp that sits on the southern wall, which unfortunately is unlit. You think to yourself what good does a single source of light help to illuminate such a long dark corridor. You decide that there isn't much you can do in this room and to stay here may simply be a waste of your time.
200~NULL
300~You find yourself standing in the Foyer. The door to the south is jammed shut and seems to have been that way for some time. You find yourself asking how you got in here, but more importantly, how you are going to get out. You find yourself a little hungry and are acutely aware you are losing energy by simply standing around. There is nothing further to see here, best move on.
400~NULL
500~You can hear the outside world, outside. This room is of an extremely sturdy build comprised of antique hardwoods that have stood for many years. It crosses your mind to attempt to batter your way out, but you soon realise it will just leave you sore. There is little to see in here, there are clean spots on the wall where paintings must have been removed recently, presumably. On the southern wall is an old-style Oil lamp, which unfortunately is unlit. With the exception of mothballs and the occasional cobweb, there is little more detail that your eyes can see. You think to yourself that you should move on, but the sound of the outside world is so endearing.
600~The first thing you notice as you walk in the room is the group of hoes standing in the corner, leaning against the wall. As you look around, you can a whole manner of equipment used for crop tending. Spades, rakes, forks, there is an entire range of tools at the owner's disposal. "Not uncommon", you think to yourself, as you are standing in a Barn. You would love to have a go on the ride on tractor, it is such a pity that there isn't one to try. Having admired the Barn tools for long enough, you find yourself standing around wasting time.
010~What a Mess! The fire appears to have destroyed most of the objects in the room. Although somewhat Smokey, you notice a protrusion sticking out of the wall. Upon closer inspection, you see that it is a set of hooks, off which hangs a Brass Key. It looks like any and all items that could potentially have assisted you in finding a way out quicker, have been destroyed. That fire must have reached some serious temperatures. It's a good job you were here, you find yourself thinking.
110~There is a mirror to the western wall, to the north is a locked door. You take a moment to admire yourself in the mirror and conclude that despite the fact you have found yourself locked in an unknown building during the dead of night, you are still one fine looking person. Eager to push on, after making absolutely sure your fringe is perfect, you decide to continue your quest to find a way out.
210~You arrive at what at first you believe to be a dead end. Closer inspection shows that there is a door to the west, which appears to be locked. The northern wall is littered with photographs of celebrities all meeting and posing with a man, though the man either has his back to the camera or his image has been developed blurred. Whoever this person may be, all that have met him, at least in the pictures, seem to be really pleased about doing so. You spend a moment to wonder whether you may recognise this man. Have you seen him? Who could he be?
310~You have always been one to make a grand entrance, but are somewhat relieved you did not make this one, it is massive! You are not familiar with Barn decor, modern or retro, but you are pretty sure that they are not adorned in gold and trimmed with antique candelabras. The hardwood panelling has a certain air of refinement about it and notice that the craftsmanship merely adds to the majesty of this place. There is a huge picture hanging from the wall which appears to be a portrait of sorts. In the corner, you notice a coffee table which has a figurine of a porcupine sitting on top of it. After taking time to admire the decor, you decide it's probably best to move on.
410~This room appears to be in a state of disrepair. The wooden pannels are faded, none of the lights work, and the cheese in the mouse trap is old and fusty. There appears to be very little to look at, with the exception of a few faded photographs and an extinguisher that resides on the wall. Taking your time you notice that the photgraphs have been taken over several years as they are all periodic, upon closer inspection you notice that one photo frame is missing its photograph. There are doors to the north, east and west, though the northern door is locked. 
510~A room with casual decor. A beautiful Wilton Carpet lines the door and there is a picture framed on the wall that reads "Home Sweet Home". You notice on the Eastern wall several coat pegs each of which holds a coat. The long green anorak catches your eye as the zip pocket in open, you see a Key Card poking out of the top. Several pairs of shoes are neatly lined against the wall, but a close inspection proves that none are your size. There is an entrance to the south and there is a door to the west, which is latched shut.
610~Wash day tomorrow... Nothing clean, right? The thought is fleeting in your head, though you cannot remember where you heard it. Filled, piled high full of clothes, you wonder how many people live here. To the west appears to be the clean clothes while on the east, the soiled. You don't fancy doing any laundry and your clothes were fresh that morning so you make preparations to move on. Before you leave, you have a quick scan of the room and you see a small key sitting on top of the work top. There is nothing further of any interest to you.
020~A room that appears to hold no purpose! It is strange that such a room would exist in any kind of building let alone a Barn. The walls, ceiling and floor are all a sparse white. Nothing breaks the decor with the exception of a button that sits on the southern wall, though it appears to have no connections whatsoever. Apart from the door in the northern wall, the only other exit is to the east, which is latched shut. Apart from staring at the sparsity of the room and attempting to identify different shades of white, so far at which you have been unsuccessful, there is little to do except move on. What a strange room indeed, you think to yourself.
120~You find yourself in a narrow passageway that has two entrances, one north, one south. There isn't much to see here, the wall tiling is drab and cracked in many places. The smell of rotten plaster hangs menacingly in the air as if it threatens to suffocate you if you remain here too long. As you walk along the corridor, you notice a service door to the west. Your choice being one of three ways to leave this room, you compose yourself and decide the exit which you feel will best suit your quest for the exit. Confident that there are no items of any use in this room, you make preparations to leave.
220~There isn't much light in this room and it takes a moment for your vision to adjust. Eventually, you can make out shelving lining the wall. You can see an old jewellery box lying open, which has a ruby key lying on top of it. Between the dust ridden boxes you can make out various bric-a-brac, from old rope to marbles. There are even some old gears on the shelf, being very small, you wonder what purpose they could hold. One thing for sure is that this room appears to have seldom visitors.
320~You have arrived in what appears to be an office. There is a table in the corner of the room which has a key sitting on top of it. In the corner resides a hat stand, complete with top hat and cane. To your left you notice a coffee table, which is displaying a somewhat tasty looking apple on top of it. The leather chair poking out from behind the desk looks awfully inviting and you debate whether to have a cheeky sit down. The pang of hunger you feel and the need to push on convinces you otherwise and you are soon keen to move on. 
420~A coffee machine, a gramophone, and a copy of "What Car? Monthly". Just some of the items that reside on this desk. There is a neon sign on the northern wall that reads "Earl's Den" and an atricle pinned to the wall beneith it. The headline reads "The importance of apostophies and the frustration at leaving them out", the text becomes to small to read as the article continues. To the rear of the room sits a slush machine, with a genorous selection of six flavoured toppings. To the south of the room, right of the door, sits a coffee table, with a selection of puzzle magazines and a key, that has the tag that reads "Earl's". You are about to leave, either to the south or west, which is latched shut, when you see an note regarding the  proposal to create a light delivery system to the upper level. You attempt to understand the document but are baffled by the science. Best move on.
520~The Acoustics in this room must be insane! The arched roof and the convex walling must really allow those sound waves to bounce around. There are several instruments in this room all of which are kept behind exquisite glass display cabinets. To the south of the room resides a stage and sitting on the stage is a beautiful Grand Piano. You can't resist and go to have a tinker on it which is when you realise that the build is of a truly fine quality, but is missing several key components to be able to play. It would stand to reason that a melody played from this room would reach around the entire Barn.
620~Whoever owns this place, cleaning clearly is not a priority to them. There are dirty dishes piled high in the sink, all over the work surfaces and even the floor too. You notice that the industrial sized refrigerator has been left open and the food within has spoiled. Glancing around you see little of anything of any use, though you do see a carrot that looks like it may still be edible. With this being the main kitchen you would have expected to find more food, that said, you do spot a turnip perched on the corner of one of the work surfaces. You don't feel like washing any pots, on the account of not having your rubber gloves to hand. You decide that there is little left in this room for you to see.
030~The first thing that is apparent is that these spare parts will not fit anything modern. Most of the circuit boards are so old, they have valve connectors as opposed to a microchip. Wires litter the floor, they are either burnt out or split, though you do notice some which may be usable. As you look around the retro hardware you understand the impact that the invention of the microchip had on society and its technology. From a circuit board that you could go rafting on, to a circuit board that fits in the palm of your hand. The latter being far more complex and a lot dryer.
130~Broken music equipment lies everywhere, it looks like someone dropped a bomb on an orchestra. There are a multitude of instruments from windy wooden ones, to stringy sounding ones. As you examine the room, you see the floor is lined with boxes all of which are stuffed with yet more broken instruments and their components. As you navigate around the room, being careful not to cut yourself on any rusty wire, you notice a box open holding an assortment of piano keys and it becomes apparent these are a newish edition to this calamitous collection.  As well as the doors to the south and east there is also a door to the north, though it will not budge when you try it.
230~You find yourself in an elongated room that appears to be a corridor of sorts. There is a sign on the wall that reads "upstairs" and points to the west, though the door to the west is locked. There are pictures that line the wall, some of an elderly gentleman, some of a woman and some of a man who never quite appears to be in focus. You find yourself asking the question, was this intentional? Who could this man be? 
330~The three porcelain ducks ascending the wall are the first thing you notice. Classy, you think to yourself. This room is carpeted in a shade of Royal Blue and has a wallpaper which really marries together the aesthetic of the room. It's at that moment, you remember you are not an interior designer and you don't actually have a clue what you're talking about. Perhaps it's the panic of being locked in getting to you. You take a moment to clear your head and decide which way would be the most productive route forward.
430~You land at the bottom of the drain pipe with a thud. Not as graceful as you would have liked, but from three stories up, it could have been a lot worse. To the east and the west is the carcass of The Barn. It feels like the building is trying to keep its grasp on you as the shadows cross in front of you like over protective arms. The only option you have is to go north. Run. Be sure that you have escaped this place. Run and don't look back, surely this is it. Surely there is nothing that can hold you back now... All you have to do, is escape the shadows of this overbearing building. The wind hits your face, the smell of the night fills your nose. You find yourself asking what you are waiting for. You compose yourself and get ready to make your move. Your final move.
530~The acrid smell of static charge fills the air. The room is sparse with the exception of the Fuse Box on the western wall. Being a bit of a clever clogs and a techno-lover, you take a quick peek. It is clear that all the fuses have been recently installed and are all in great condition. You make preparations to leave the room when you notice that one of the main power cables is missing from the fuse box. There is seldom little more to see as you don't have an interest in cobwebology, nor do you have time to give the room a quick once over with a tin of satin white emulsion.
630~You find yourself standing at the bottom of the main staircase. Huge wooden stairs ascend to the upper floors and you take a moment to admire the craftsmanship that went into constructing the bannister. This staircase was clearly constructed many years ago, by strong hands. Aside from climbing the stairs the only way out is via a door situated to the north. There is little else to see or do, but as far as staircases go, this is one of the finest you have ever seen.  
040~Quite the retro look. Hardwood panelling adorns the room, the furniture is that of a studded leather motif and the bureau is clearly that of an antique build. There is beautiful clock on the mantelpiece clearly fashioned around the 18th century, though it appears to be missing its gears. The elegance of this room is finished off with 7ft crushed velvet draped curtains which hang from rails that tower above you. There is a door to the west and a door to the south. You find it hard to decide whether to move on with your journey or to rest a while with your feet up. 
140~The smell of chemicals and cleaning solutions burn your eyes and make them water. Cleaning equipment line the shelves on the northen wall, dusters, rags and window streak remover. There are no lights as such though there is an Oil lamp fixed to the wall, which unfortunately is unlit. There are doors to the west and east and a service door to the south, which is latched shut. Apart from the mosaics in the wall tiling, there is little more to see in this room.
240~Wow! Quite the collection! This room is lined from ceiling to floor with shelving, each of which are packed full of animal figurines. Being quite the animal lover you take a moment to admire the cornucopia of creatures, that is when you notice that one of the shelves is missing a figurine. It is apparent that whoever this collection belongs to, the animals clearly mean a lot to them.  
340~A room that's clearly used regularly. The first thing that you notice is the state of the floor! There are muddy foot prints all over the place and clearly has not been vacuumed for quite a while. There is dirt and light debris all over the place, including flora and fauna and someone appears to have dropped a photograph as you see it among the dirt. There is seldom little of interest in this room with the exception of a small table that has a flower and a picture of a pouting lady. The picture has been written on and the note reads "Love Earline X". Though you are confident you don't know this woman, you cannot shake the feeling you have seen her before.
440~CONGRATULATIONS! You have escaped The Barn and completed this playtest. While there are features such as "save, load, and inspect" have not yet been programmed, nor infact an ending, you have successfully aided in testing the game mechanic! This covers the rudimentary logic of the puzzles, the GUI performance, and the strength of the validity of the commands you have been entering. You have earned yourself a free copy of the final game and you will have a place in the credits if you do so wish. Thank YOU for taking the time for go through this adventure and spending... A Night at The Barn. - Joseph. You may now close this window.
540~Wow, its sure is dingy in this room and you think that this would not be your choice location for an eating adventure. There is a table in the middle of the room surrounded by six chairs. Various food has been left on the table and it has all gone rotten, though someone has left a packet of Crisps which seem fine. You notice another Oil Lamp situated on the northern wall, which unfortunately is unlit. The smell of damp and spoiled food is becoming too much for your nasal capacity to manage and you find yourself wanting to leave the room and see if you can find the exit.
640~You find yourself wondering whether you have stumbled across the lost property room, or whether you have in fact found "Neil's Nick-Nak Emporium". Your humour is cast aside when you notice the sign that reads "Lost Property". There are some old jackets and jumpers, none of which are your size. Shoes, rattles, dolly's and dummies. But you hate playing with shoes and have no time for further hijinks. You notice several boxes lying open mostly filled with junk, though you do notice a record that is labelled "Warning, Heavy Metal- Listeners must Lift". Unless you feel like rummaging through a pile of third party belongings (which you don't), there is little more to see.
001~NULL
101~NULL
201~NULL
301~NULL
401~NULL
501~NULL
601~NULL
011~NULL
111~You find yourself cornered. Literally. There is a door to the north and a door to the east and that is it. The western wall is filled with pictures of a woman and variety of animals in each photograph. Perhaps this is the owner of the figurine collection, you think to yourself. You take a little time to inspect the pictures closely, hopefully looking for a clue that may enable you to push deeper into The Barn. Alas, after some detective level inspection, you find nothing. You decide that it is time to leave and explore the area further as the passageway continues to the East.
211~The pitch of the darkness is the first thing that strikes your eyes and you have to pause a moment while they adjust. There is nowhere to go unless it is either west or east, though when you look north, something about the wall catches your eye. You rap it with your finger and you become aware it is making the sound of an object not dense. You feel the shadows of the landing pressing on you and you feel that the darkness is trying to take hold. It isn't of course, you are just on a high level of alertness owing to your predicament. None the less, you decide now is probably a good time to push on.
311~Looks like the foundations have shifted slightly over the years, the wall to the south is beginning to show severe signs of cracking. You wonder whether it is worth looking for an exit, or whether it would be more productive to stay put and let the building collapse around you. Considering how hungry you feel, you decide the latter is not a viable option, though looking at the size of the cracks, you think "only just". You take a moment to decide the most advantageous way forward, then make your move.
411~Arriving in Earl's Room you find yourself in a hi-tech wonderland. The room boasts a state of the art VCR, along with a 32" 4:3 aspect ratio TV including Stereo speakers. You estimate it weighs the same as three or four baby elephants. Scanning the room further, your eyes come a table with some fineries. A deck of cards, a bit of pocket change. Nothing of interest, until you see the Lighter sitting there. There is a publicity picture on the wall from the TV series "Friends". They all look happy except for Ross, who for some strange reason, has been torn out of the picture. You turn to leave as there is nothing of further interest, as you do, you notice the Ornate key hanging on the wall. Your eyes then fall on the Graffiti that reads "Find Me in The Castle". You take a moment to reflect on the message. After some deep, reflective soul searching, you conclude, it's not meant for you.
511~Kletus appears to be one of the tidier of the occupants, at least that is your first impression. You notice that there is little technology in this room, but plenty of literature. Most of it regarding science fiction and biology. You can see that the owner of this room is a keen reader as is further demonstrated by the collection of Magazines stacked neatly on the Piano Stool. Scanning the room, you notice a coffee mug sitting on the desk, which has been stirred by a spanner that looks like it came from a reasonably new tool kit. After perusing the collection of novels and read a few magazine titles, you decide that now may be a good time to move on with your journey.
611~Whoever owns this room is clearly a man of refinement. A green velvet smoking jacket hangs off the rear of the bedroom door whilst a pipe sits on the desk. This room is meticulously laid out, with labelled shelving along the walls. There is little that catches your eye in this room with the exception of a book sleeve labelled "Sheet Music". There is little more that catches your eye, though you do spy the uneaten Banana sitting on the nightstand. On closer inspection, you see that it has spoiled. Your realistic options are to either move on, or take a nap in the cosy looking bed. As you do not feel tired, you think it would be a wise move to push on. There can't be much further to go, you think to yourself. 
021~You find yourself standing at the top of a ladder. Below you is the lower floor of The Barn. There is one exit out of this room that resides on the Eastern wall. As you look around, there is little of interest save the gearing mechanism that lowers and raises the ladder. Though you are not educated in engineering, you marvel at the apparent complexity regarding the construction of the mechanism. Quite content with what you have seen you realise that there is nothing further to do in this room and it becomes apparent that now may be a good time to push on and attempt to escape this eerie, though interesting place.
121~Standing on the landing, you notice the door toward the north. The door has a huge sign that reads "Earline's Room - KEEP OUT" and is currently locked. Looking towards the south, you can see the moonlight illuminating the passageway. The passageway to the south seems to lead deeper into The Barn whilst the door to the west takes you back to the secret room. The only two options available to you are the passageway, or a direct contravention of Earline's orders. Still, she does not seem to be around.
221~Ben Affleck, Leo DiCaprio, Matt Damon... They're all here. Well Cardboard effigies at the very least. You find yourself troubled, but cannot decide what troubles you most. The card board cut-outs, the fact that they are all chained to the wall, or the fact that they are blind folded. Whatever the reason, it's clearly no concern of yours and you decide you should probably leave. With Haste. As you scan the floor among the newspaper clippings, you notice a variety of implements, including some gutted Piano Wire. Further inspection of the room leads to other disturbing findings, but you do notice a gold key amongst the paraphernalia. The door to the north leads back to Earline's... Lair. Or you can always use the southern door, which is latched shut.
321~Too many blind corners for your liking, this part of the landing creeps you out. The plaster over the years has begun to separate from the walls, leaving a smell of must in the air that is barely perceptible, but adds to the creepy atmosphere. This room seems to be decorated in shadow, cast by the faint hint of moonlight extending the silhouettes of the neighbouring rooms, which cast alien shapes on the floor. You decide you have seen all you want to and decide to move on. There is a door to the north which has a picture of a music note on it, though the west and east doors just appear like regular doors. Strange.
421~You are standing at the western point of the landing. As you look to your east, you can see a couple of rooms that appear to be bedrooms. There is a door to the south that has a sign on the door that reads "Earl's Room", which is locked. There are no visible windows on this floor and you can see that natural light must have problems penetrating the upper floors of The Barn. Apart from a few nostalgic photographs that line the northern wall, there is little to do here. Though, you do have a perusal of the pictures as you feel that not to, would be considered rude. Especially seeing as someone has gone to the effort to make a display.
521~On the middle of the landing, you find yourself standing in front of a door with an ornate lock and the door is locked tight. There is a bay window to the north. You take a look out and can see that the night is very dark and you appear to be surrounded by endless fields. You yearn to be out of this place and back on the ground outside. After pining for your escape, you realise that little is to be achieved by standing around waiting for something to happen. You compose yourself and find yourself ready to move on with the task ahead. To the west and the east lie doors, you take it upon yourself to give them an explore. When you are ready though, of course.
621~Possibly the darkest part of the landing. To the north you can see the main staircase that leads back down to the lower levels. The landing continues to the west and there is an open doorway behind you. You take a peek in the doorway and wonder what could be in that room, but it is too dark to see in and certainly too dark to navigate around. You find yourself wondering what could be in that room... who does it belong to? The light source on the landing is poor. You find yourself wondering if there is a way to generate light from downstairs. 
031~NULL
131~Clearly Earline is a woman who believes in looking after herself! Makeup fills the dresser table and clothes hang from rails. Lots of rails. You think to yourself some could live seven or eight lifetimes and still not find the time to change into all of these outfits. Outfits being the appropriate word, as her choice in clothing appears to range from "little black numbers" to stealth ninja Kung-Fu master get-ups. The door to the south leads back to the main landing and the door to the East appears to lead deeper into Earline's chamber. Though there's plenty you could be getting on with, such as dressing up and having a play, you are aware of more pressing matters and your sense of priority takes hold. You decide to leave having touched nothing, though you notice she has left an apple on the side.
231~Quite a bit of contrast to her chamber, her boudoir is jam packed with computer components of varying era's. You see a tool kit that reads "PC Repair Kit", which comprises of a bolt gun, rivet gun, a coping saw, a box of nails, and a sturdy looking wooden mallet. Not being one to take others tools, you decide to leave them be. You are about to leave when you notice an old stereo system connected to a power cable that connects to nothing at all. You wonder exactly what kind of person would hoard all this retro equipment and for what purpose? Apart from the eastern door there is a door directly to the south, which when you try it is locked, apparently by a card reader.
331~You have accessed the secret stairwell by playing the melody on the piano below. You have coined your tune, "The Song Of Stairs", which you find extremely witty and hilarious. The staircase has been constructed of steal and is showing signs of wear on some of its joints. As you stand at the bottom, you feel a draught caressing your body making the hairs on your arms stand on end. You are certain that the key to exiting this Barn lies at the top of these stairs. You take a moment to contemplate your next move, but are acutely aware that time is catching you up and your hunger is starting to get worse.
431~NULL
531~NULL
631~You find yourself standing at the top of the main staircase. The stairs are extremely old, but of a quality build. As you look down into The Barn below, you can see that this staircase must serve as the main stairs of the building. You find yourself asking whether you should use the stairs or investigate the upper floor further. The stairs do not look rigged nor do they look like a red herring. There is nothing stopping me exploring downstairs and returning if necessary, you think to yourself. Other than the magnificence of the staircase, there is little more to look at and you find it is time to push on and make your move.
041~NULL
141~NULL
241~NULL
341~NULL
441~NULL
541~NULL
641~NULL
002~NULL
102~NULL
202~NULL
302~NULL
402~NULL
502~NULL
602~NULL
012~NULL
112~NULL
212~NULL
312~NULL
412~NULL
512~NULL
612~NULL
022~Funky! At least it would be if there were some music. This room has everything a self-respecting disco dweller would want. There is a bar off to the west of the room and seating area to the east. There is a beautiful light up chequered dancefloor at the centre of the room, "I bet that's had a few handbags on it" you think to yourself. You take time to admire the music system. 7.1 Speakers connect to an amplifier and equaliser, that draw the source of their tunes from a gramophone, which unfortunately is missing a record. The power is running and you could really make some noise with this baby. After giving the room a through once over, you conclude that there is nothing of further interest to you and your time may be better served escaping rather than dancing.
122~It looks like the noise of the disco forced this rooms door to pop out of its frame. Chemicals and materials litter the shelving that surrounds this room on all sides, save the north. There are complex instruments all along the work surfaces and you catch sight of what appears to be a Victorian era Bunsen burner. You look at all the caution signs and danger signs that highlight pretty much every shelf and decide that you should probably not touch anything. You turn to leave when the glimmer of the waste paper basket hits your eye, you notice a piece of paper that has the word "Key Code" written on it. Satisfied that you have seen all this room has to offer, you decide to continue with your journey of Barn exploration. 
222~Quite the tinkerers trove, you think to yourself. Raw materials are propped up on the western wall, you find yourself admiring the quality of the wares. To the south is a window, though racking obscures your view to the outside world. On the Eastern side of the room you notice a toolkit, which appears to be missing a spanner. As you are admiring the toolkit, you notice that is connected to some sort of gadgetry that leads off into the walling. You try and move it but nothing happens. What a strange device, you find yourself thinking. After checking the room you find that there is nothing of any further interest and you set your mind back to your objective.
322~Two words spring to mind. Cor, Blimey! The view from up here is incredible. You find yourself standing, bathed in moonlight, looking out over the roof of The Barn and its surrounding environment. Only now do you understand the sheer size of this place and why it has taken so long to get where you are now. There is a door to the north that leads back into The Barn. You try the door to the East, confident it will be locked, but it opens with ease. You take a moment to decide what your next step should be should you continue on outside or should you explore the interior further? There may still be things that you can use to escape, on the other hand, you feel that you have done enough exploring. Eventually, you come to your decision and make your move.
422~Outside! Finally, outside! You want to break down and weep, but you are aware that your journey is not quite over. To the east and the south lies a sheer drop. It is impossible to descend the building from those directions without the risk of serious injury. The west leads back into the conservatory but the north leads to the main roof top. You take a moment to investigate further and find there is access to the north, but it is currently behind a gate that is locked by a key pad. There is no way around with a serious risk of falling. To come so close yet be denied makes you feel sad. You take a moment to consider the wisest course of action. Steadfast in your decision, you make your next move.
522~NULL
622~NULL
032~You find yourself standing in the far west of The Barn. There is a door to your south that reads "Disco" and to your west, a huge window that displays a gorgeous vista of the outside world. To the north sits another window, displaying much the same scenic views as that of the west. You notice how the north face of The Barn appears to stretch out into the night. You feel as if this place does not want to let you go. You feel as if it knows you are close to escape, but above all else, you feel as if The Barn has another trick or two up its sleeve that will prevent you from ever leaving. After all, you have no recollection as to how you got here.
132~The middle of the landing is significantly brighter than its downstairs counterpart, you think to yourself. There are doors to the west, east and south. There is a huge window on the northern wall, with windows to the west and east to compliment it. You think to yourself that if you lived here, you could look out those windows at that view all day long. There isn't much to do push on or linger around, the pang of hunger you are feeling discourages you from the latter. You take one last look at the view outside and decide that you are ready to move on.
232~You move onto the upper landing. There is only one direction to follow to the west, though you can always travel to the east and around the top of the stairs. There are doors that stretch off to the west and one that resides to the south which is immediately accessible to you. You cannot decide whether to check the remainder of the doors or go south into the room marked "Workshop". While the moonlight brushes your face, you ponder your options. Once you have made your decision, you decide to make tracks and follow through with your plan of escape.
332~Arriving at the top of the staircase, it becomes apparent that there isn't much left to explore here. To the south is a room that looks like a conservatory. You can feel the Moonlight caressing your flesh and you can feel that your quest to get out of this place is nearing an end. To the west, there is a corridor that leads off to a few more rooms. You find yourself unsure which way to travel, but you have made it this far and are confident enough in your ability to escape The Barn. On the northern wall there is a sign that reads "Disco, Lab & Workshop, this way!", the arrow beneath the lettering points to the west. 
432~You have arrived on the roof top. You scan frantically for a way down to the ground. You look around and all you can see are fields, you do notice a building far off in the distance, but it is too dark to make out and you cannot get your bearings. After searching the roof, you see there is no sensible way to the ground, but you do notice and old cast iron drain pipe which appears to be firmly bolted to the northern wall. It becomes apparent that you have two viable choices, you can either return to The Barn and hope to find a way out not yet discovered, or you can use the drain pipe to be assured of reaching the ground outside. Though you are not sure on what the landing will be like, you settle on the fact that the drain pipe is probably the most sensible and feasible option.
532~NULL
632~NULL
042~NULL
142~NULL
242~NULL
342~NULL
442~NULL
542~NULL
642~NULL